For the DB design scenario (a group has selected), develop a DB design.
Each group submits ONE pdf file (max 7 pages) structured as follows:

0) Page 1: Title page:
	- Scenario chosen
	- group information (student names, ids and emails)

1) Page 2: Requirement analysis:
	- Background: a short report about the scenario
		you are designing the DB for;
		includes knowledge about
		NHS hospitals and waiting lists, or
			suspicious activities (reports), etc

	- Assumptions: 3 to 6 assumptions that inform your DB design;
		assumptions shall be relevant;
		e.g.~a student registers for exactly one course is relevant;
		"a student has a name" are not relevant.
		Other relevant assumptions:
		"A booking involves a customer, a receptionist, and several rooms booked; should be modelled as a relationship; but we model booking as an entity, and use relationships such as customer_makes_booking."

2) Page 3: ER Model:
	A textual description of the entity-relationship model.
	- Description of the entities and relationships
	- Explanations for cardinality and participation constraints

3) Page 4: ER Diagram:
	A graphical description of your ER model.
	Use a tool (not restricted to the list on the QMPlus page)
	to provide a graphical description of your textual description.

	Your graphical diagram must correspond to the textual description.

4) Page 5 and 6: Mapping steps and Logical Model:
	The mapping of the conceptual model to the logical model.
	Explain the main mapping steps.
	Show the logical model (tables);
	remember to explain some of the steps; do not show only the tables.

5) Page 7: Normalisation:
	Explain if and why your schema is in 3NF.
	Even if your schema is already in 3NF,
	construct an example for 2NF and 3NF
	to demonstrate where in your design
	a normalisation step occurred
	(excluding the normalisation of address, post-code -> city).



Feedback:
	Each group will receive feedback for
	1. ReqAnalysis and Assumptions
	2. ER Model: Textual
	3. ER Diagram
	4. Mapping Steps
	5. Logical Model (Tables)
	6. Normalisation

For each of the steps, the feedback will include a flag:
	excellent (85-100)
	very good (70-85)
	good (55-70)
	satisfactory (40-55)
	not satisfactory (<40)

The feedback for CW-2 is formative, and it prepares the students for CW-3.
